chore(auth-node): allow declarative signin resolvers to take precedence (#25254)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/neat-socks-cheer.md

> ---
> '@backstage/plugin-auth-node': patch
> ---
> 
> allow declarative sign in resolvers declared in `signInResolverFactories` to take precedence over the statically defined sign in resolvers in `signInResolver` for the `createOAuthProviderFactory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-node': minor
---

**BREAKING**: Sign-in resolvers configured via `.signIn.resolvers` now take precedence over sign-in resolvers passed to `signInResolver` option of `createOAuthProviderFactory`. This effectively makes sign-in resolvers passed via the `signInResolver` the default one, which you can then override through configuration.
```
